add troubleshooting section (#193)
logicalclocks/hops-docs: docs/getting_started/installation_guide/platforms/troubleshooting.rst

==========================================================
Troubleshooting
==========================================================

> When it comes to deploy Hopsworks, not two environments are alike and sometimes issues arise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it comes to deploying Hopsworks, no two environments are alike and sometimes issues arise.
```

> This section will guide you through some common failures scenarios, how to debug them and possible fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will guide you through some common failure scenarios, how to debug them and possible fixes.
```
